docs: add some setup instructions (#340)
4Catalyzer/flask-resty: README.md

Documentation is available at https://flask-resty.readthedocs.io/.

## Running locally

> Ideally, create a virtual env for local development, using your tool of choice, e.g.:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a virtualenv for local development using your tool of choice. If you're using pyenv and pyenv-virtualenv:
```

```sh

> pyenv virtualenv 3.8.3 flask-resty

Reviewer: suggestion: Might as well use the latest version

```suggestion
pyenv virtualenv 3.8.5 flask-resty
```

pyenv local flask-resty
```

Install dependencies:

```sh
# optionally include [jwt] for the full test suite, but requires cryptography,

> # and it's dependent binary libraries

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#  and its dependent binary libraries
```

pip install -e .[testing,docs]
```

### Running tests

Tests can be run for your current enviroment by running pytest directly: `pytest`.

> Or run `tox` to run the fulle suite of lint checks and tests against flask-resty's supported

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or run `tox` to run the full suite of lint checks and tests against flask-resty's supported
```

environments.

> 

Reviewer: suggestion: Might be useful to document `tox -e lint` here as well.

FWIW, here's how marshmallow documents it: https://marshmallow.readthedocs.io/en/stable/contributing.html#running-tests

### Building the docs

Run sphinx to build a copy of the docs locally

```sh
sphinx-build docs/ docs/_build
```

For auto rebuilds and watching, `sphinx-autobuild` can be used:

```sh
pip install sphinx-autobuild
sphinx-autobuild --open-browser docs/ docs/_build -z flask_resty -s 2

> ```

Reviewer: suggestion: Probably better to just document one way to do things. Most people will want autobuild. Also, you can use tox for this:

```
tox -e watch-docs
```

which means you don't need to install anything extra yourself.

Here's how it's documented in marshmallow: https://marshmallow.readthedocs.io/en/stable/contributing.html#documentation
